Update testapplication.md (#11798)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/test-base/testapplication.md

1. Select the **Type of test**. There are two test types supported:
   - An **Out of Box (OOB) test** performs an install, launch, close, and uninstall of your package. After the install, the launch-close routine is repeated 30 times before a single uninstall is run. The OOB test provides you with standardized telemetry on your package to compare across Windows builds.
   - A **Functional test** would execute your uploaded test script(s) on your package. The scripts are run in the sequence you specified and a failure in a particular script will stop subsequent scripts from executing.

>    - A **Flown Driven test** test allows you to arrange your test scripts with enhanced flow control. To help you comprehensively validate the impact of an in-place Windows upgrade, you can use flow driven tests to execute your tests on both the baseline OS and target OS with a side-by-side test result comparison.
> 
> Note: User can even select Pre-intalled Microsoft apps option. Enabling this option will install the Microsft app, like office, before the user application is installed. 
> 
>    > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A **Flown Driven test** allows you to arrange your test scripts with enhanced flow control. To help you comprehensively validate the impact of an in-place Windows upgrade, you can use flow driven tests to execute your tests on both the baseline OS and target OS with a side-by-side test result comparison.

   > [!NOTE]
   > Users can also select the pre-installed Microsoft apps option. This option will install Microsft apps, like Office, before the user application is installed.
   >
   ```
